# Data-Science-Completed-Projects
Here are two core projects that I completed while taking the Data Science Cohort for Springboard's Data Science career track. Both exemplify my ablility to handle data science projects holistically, from collection to modeling alogorithms (the collecting and cleaning stages have been omitted in this repository due to file courruption). In one, I answered the question "Which boroughs of London have seen the greatest increase in housing prices, on average, over the last two decades" using the fundamentals of Data Analysis (collection, wrangling, and exploratory analysis). This is reflected in the "Unit 4 Challenge" file and "London Answers" file. In the second project, I went through this same process but also delved into scaling data, preprocessing, and training an algorithmic model to solve the issue of whether a ski resort based in Montana could analyze (before the start of the next skiing season, preferably within two days) the number of facilities that 330 U.S ski resorts who were part of the same market share as themselves had, as well as the ticket prices of these resorts and the number of people who skied and/or snowboarded at these resorts yearly in order to use these statistics as a guide to determine where to price tickets. These ticket prices were to preferably be higher than what they were at the time of engaging the problem. I also indentified if there were costs that they could cut that wouldn't undermine their ticket prices. This project is reflected in files "02", "03", "04", and "05". A problem worksheet ("PSW - Guided Capstone") to help determine the scope of the ski resort issue from a Data Scientist's perspective is included in this repository in the form of a Microsoft Powerpoint file. There is also a txt file included that further describes these projects !
